Alright guys, IRL is hitting me real hard, I've got no time for a video today.
I keep seeing this clip from December of last year go viral and re-viral, it keeps popping
up on the front page of YouTube for me.
It's from Courtney Ryan, no clue who this is, which guy would women choose?
I've been dipping my toes into some red pill stuff, not because I believe in it, I don't,
but I do find it interesting to look at some of these communities that I'm not really part
of on YouTube and in the streaming space.
And I've got a spare 30 minutes, YouTube keeps recommending me this garbage, so I might as
well finally give in and check it out.
Let's go.
Welcome back to my channel, if you're new here, I'm Courtney Ryan, and today we're playing
a little game with a group of girls called Would You Rather.
So what I do, I give them guy number one, and guy number two, and each guy comes with
some baggage or some things going on, and they have to choose which guy that they would
rather date.
Sounds good to me, I've got all the baggage.
Guy number one who makes 200k, but he struggles with infidelity and will have one to two affairs
during your life together, or guy number two who makes 40k and is loyal.
Oh, so the girls are gonna like choose between one of these two, okay, I see what's going
on here.
Hmm, $40,000 a year and is loyal versus $20,000 a year and has one to two affairs during their
lifetime.
That's an extra $160,000, like after a few years, that's like a house.
This is a big, I know a lot of them are probably gonna choose the loyal one because that's
what society expects, but I actually think that's a lot closer than that, because that's
a lot of money.
I'll do guy number two, guy number one.
At least she's honest.
The 40k and is loyal, obviously, well, for me, obviously.
That is, that's an easy one.
I guess I'll say the guy number two because I couldn't deal with infidelity no matter
how much money you make.
Loyal.
I would choose $40,000 and loyal.
Loyalty important to you.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
Definitely the guy who makes 40k and is loyal.
I can already hear all the red pillars saying, no, this is all fake, but they're all gonna
choose the high value male who has more money but cheats sometimes and it's like, in actuality,
no, most women aren't like that.
Most women view their partners as investments.
That's why the whole I can fix him thing is so prevalent and also why women have such
a hard time leaving abusive partners, because they feel like they can invest in a man who
will then produce for them.
The whole alpha male harem status thing.
That's not nearly as common as red pillars like to believe it is.
Next one here is guy number one who is 50 pounds overweight and makes 120k or guy number
two who is fit, nice arms, six pack, great endurance and makes 35k.
Oh, I wonder.
This one's a bit tougher, isn't it?
Because you could lose the 50 pounds and then keep your 120k.
Also, this does say something with their personalities, though, doesn't it?
Because if you're like, you're 50 pounds overweight versus being in shape, that shows like certain
types of habits and your habits are your personality.
So like, um, you could also make more money too.
I don't know.
I don't know about this.
Oh, my God.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
Guy number one.
I'll take the first guy.
Yeah, 35k.
That's like McDonald's.
I'll go with number one.
35k is McDonald's?
Listen, this woman is too good looking to be working retail.
Maybe she actually does think 35k is McDonald's.
What the fuck?
$15 an hour times 40 hours a week.
You're not getting 40 at a part time job, let's just say.
$600 a week times 52.
Making $31,000.
If you have 15 minimum, you're making $31,000 at McDonald's.
Jesus.
Of course, you're not getting 15 minimum at 40 hours a week.
There's not going to be a lot of money.
Jesus.
Of course, you're not getting 15 minimum at 40 hours a week.
There's no fucking way.
Unless you're a McDonald's manager or something, you're getting shitty 8 to 1s or 1 to 5s or
7 to 10s or something.
These garbage tier shifts.
That's what part time work is like.
At least that's what it was like when I was younger.
I haven't worked in retail in a long time.
That's hard because I don't really value money or...
Well, I guess I value health.
You've got to value something.
I guess I would say the fit guy.
Okay.
Because I care about health, like physical health, because I think it...
It's just like your well-being.
Yeah, I guess that one.
I think being fit is important.
I want a guy who takes care of his health.
50 pounds overweight is really not that bad, especially if...
There's still hope, guys.
There's still hope.
I have a more active lifestyle, so I wouldn't mind helping him be more active.
50 pounds is not that bad.
Guy number one who is a three and has a boat and a second home that's an oceanfront condo,
or guy number two who is an eight but lives at home with his parents.
Oh my God.
Number one has so much more going for him, but he's a three.
What is a three out of 10?
We're talking deformities, lost an eye, scarring, lost a limb.
What are we talking about here?
We're talking about three.
Like morbidly obese.
Three is bad.
That's a lot of money though.
A boat, second home.
Yeah, three is like a Harvey Weinstein or something.
Hold on.
Minus the allegations.
Probably the first one.
Okay.
Just because he's doing better in his life.
Fair enough.
I'm not really good for appearances.
I care about physical health, but other than just being healthy, I mean, you don't have
to be super fit or attractive just as long as you're taking care of yourself.
A three though, dude?
... areas of his life.
Oh, that's a good one.
We're talking like deformities at that point.
Probably the eight who lives at home with his parents, especially in times like these.
If he's saving his money...
Just blame on COVID, dude.
I mean, obviously it would be better if a guy had his own place.
Got number one.
All right.
Whenever I see this woman, she always looks like she's about to get her hair cut the way
she's dressed.
I'd say the second guy.
Okay.
Because that doesn't have to be forever.
And how old are you?
I'm 28.
28.
So is there an age where living at home with the parents would be a deal breaker for you?
I'd say life happens and if you need help, you need help.
But typically by the time we're 30, maybe it's time to get on out of there.
All right.
You don't want to be bringing home girls to your parents' house.
That's weird.
I knew a few.
They weren't 30, but I knew a few guys who did that in their late 20s and it's like,
oof, dude.
All right.
Guy number one who is 5'4", 5'4", and makes 250K a year.
Or guy number two who is 6'2", and makes 70K a year.
Ooh.
As a kind of short guy, this one's rough.
I'm 5'7", Naomi's 5'1", so we ended up working out well in terms of height.
Before Naomi, I dated two Asian girls who were also both pretty short.
I've never had any luck with any girls that were as tall as me or taller.
And I know the play to the short man.
I'm not super short.
I'm not like 5'4", 5'2".
There are some guys I've seen walking around.
It's like, Jesus, dude, I'm sorry.
But 5'7", that's not bad.
It is below average, but it's still workable in terms of finding girls.
But yeah, 5'4", versus 6'2".
250 versus 70,000.
Hmm.
70,000 is still enough to live a pretty decent life in a lot of places, so I think the girls
are going to overwhelmingly choose 6'2".
You know, the reason so many guys lie about being 6' when they're actually like 5'11",
sometimes, Dave, is because they know the power of the 6'0".
You know what I mean, when it comes to dating apps or whatever?
So yeah, that's what I think.
Well, I'm 5'10", so 5'4'' is a little too short for me.
I mean, if you're 5'4'' and you're super confident, that's really sexy.
Fair enough, fair enough.
Sometimes there are tall girls out there.
5'4'' is, like I said, I'm 5'10", so 5'4'' is a little too short for me.
I'd prefer a taller guy.
5'4'' 200,000.
250.
Oh, 250.
Or 6'2'' and make 70.
You might go for the 6'2'' guy.
6'2''?
How tall are you?
I'm 5'1".
Jesus!
Even though the 5'4'' is still taller than you, you would still choose the 6'2'' making
less money.
Okay, now we're getting, now we're getting black-pilled guys.
6'2'' guy?
Yeah.
How tall are you?
Yep, black-pilled.
5'6".
Okay.
Oh, guy number two.
How tall are you?
5'1''.
Oh my gosh, so you would still choose the 6'2'' guy?
I had a feeling she would.
Oh, for sure.
My boyfriend's 6'4''.
Jesus Christ!
Oh my gosh.
Okay, so...
This chick's getting impaled!
...than the guy who makes more money.
Yeah.
Okay.
And what is it about the tall factor that stands out to you?
I just feel like taller guys, I'll feel more protected because I'm so short.
I want a guy where if we're out in like a...
Okay, that's BS, alright?
Listen, listen, listen.
I know lots of girls say this, they wanna feel protected by a larger guy, a taller guy,
but that's like...
How do you think it's gonna play out?
Like if you're getting mugged, the mugger pulls out like a gun, are you gonna use it
as like a body shield?
Like, what are you talking about here?
I don't think tall guys are actually able to meaningfully protect you all that more
than short guys.
Unless we're talking purely hand-to-hand with no weapons and even like, when's that
gonna happen?
And even then, you might have a guy who's like trained in martial arts, but even then
it's like such wild cover of dime store smut thinking.
You know what I mean?
What's actually going on here is you just like the look of taller guys, that's it.
The actual protection thing, lots of people say that's part of it, but it's not really
part of it, it just feels like it's part of it, you know what I mean?
I don't know if I'm making any sense here.
Maybe 6'2".
Okay, and how tall are you?
I'm 5'2".
Okay.
So I guess I can't be too picky.
Right.
But if you had to choose, you would choose the taller guy versus the guy who makes more
money?
Maybe, yes.
Okay.
Damn.
How tall are you?
5'3".
Oh, okay.
Oh my god.
So if you were still taller than you, you would still choose the really tall guy.
All the short kings.
I'm always in heels.
Taking black pills.
I'm going to be taller than him.
Okay.
Next one is guy number one who is a four, but pays for everything, is a provider and
you don't have to work, or guy number two who is a 10, but you're the breadwinner.
Oh, this one's gotta be number one, right?
I hear so much from women, even like, not even like trad women, just all types of women.
They're like, man, I would love to spend more time at home.
That's so common nowadays.
I think the answer has to be one.
One.
Yeah.
Yeah, of course.
Oh, for sure guy number one.
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm right here.
You don't want to be the breadwinner?
I don't mind being the breadwinner.
So I'll say the 10.
Okay.
And I still make up for it.
Oh, damn.
So attraction to the person, in this case, would be more important to you.
The queen.
Than the money.
Yes.
Okay.
The first one.
Yeah, like I said, I don't really care about looks, but also I'm kind of like old fashioned
and like, I kind of do think that a man has this, like men and women have certain roles
and yeah, I think a man should like kind of be more financially stable, I guess in like
a committed relationship.
Yeah.
Like as opposed to the woman being the breadwinner.
Also, I have a lot of like passions and hobbies.
So I think that'd be really cool if I could just stay home and pursue them.
Dude, everyone has passions and hobbies that they want to stay home and pursue.
Like, are you, are you kidding me?
This is just, this is literally fun to my lifestyle shit.
It's kind of strange because like, this is the kind of thing that red pillars want, right?
They want, they want that trad wife to stay at home and, and take care of the house.
That's like, Jesus, aren't you just cucking out to them in a sense?
Because you're off slaving away nine to five shitty job.
They're at home having all the fun.
They're like hanging out with people, they're, they're, they're doing all things they love.
Like, damn, I don't know about you guys, but I want my woman working.
I want her making some fucking money.
Guy number one, who is 54 years old, making 170,000 a year or guy number two, who is 30
making 45,000 a year.
Oh my God, 54.
That's a huge age gap.
Like these girls look like they're in their twenties mainly, right?
Like 54.
Also you have to take into account the fact that you make more money generally as you
get older.
So the 30 year old guy making 45 might actually be making 170 when he's 54.
Like there's, there's a return on investment here.
It's gotta be number two.
Like, I know there's that meme of like the late teens, early twenties girl who's like
fucking around with 45 year old, 50 year old guys.
She's having sex with all of her dad's friends and stuff and it's all real weird and awkward.
But like that can't be that common, right?
See I don't really care much about age.
I've, I've dated guys who are like older than me and stuff.
What's the oldest guy you dated?
I gotta think.
Somewhere in their forties.
I don't think I've gotten up to 50 before, but um, so I don't care about that.
But also I does it, is it dating or marrying?
Just whatever you want for yourself.
If you're dating, I guess it doesn't really matter.
I guess I would pick the older one cause he makes, that sounds superficial, but for marrying
probably the younger one just cause we're more, wait, didn't she say she didn't care
about money before?
I would prefer a guy closer to my age.
I don't think the 54 year old would, if he's like my dad's age, I think that would be a
little strange for me personally.
I mean some girls are into that, but probably the 30 year old.
I've given myself about a 10 year gap.
Okay.
And that's pretty normal.
I've noticed too.
I would do the younger one.
Younger one.
What is the like age cap for you?
Like what is the oldest guy that you would date?
Um, this is a girl that I went to university with.
I wonder if it's her, if she's anything like she was back in school, that, uh, that danger
hair look she's got really fits.
I think early thirties.
Okay.
Yes.
Guy number two, not into older men.
Okay.
What is the oldest guy that you would date?
I would date a guy who may be at most 10 years older than me.
Okay.
And you said you're 21.
Hold on.
Hold on, dude.
21 would date a 31 year old man, but you're not into older guys.
I mean, not into 50 year old older guys.
Fair enough.
But like a 10 year age gap is still, it's still like a, it's still a reasonably big
age gap, man.
Like I know that Naomi's 10 years younger than me.
I know for example, Sargon's wife is 10 years younger than him.
Dave's girlfriend is like eight years younger.
Um, Medicare Jim's, uh, girl Jade is 10 years younger.
Like a 10 year age gap seems to be pretty common nowadays actually.
Um, and like why, if, if a mid thirties guy can pull a mid twenties girl, why, why wouldn't
he, you know, I've actually heard from a lot of women my age, in fact, some of them from
my high school year who have said, why are you dating someone who's 10 years younger
than you?
The 10 year age gap just seems to be, it seems to be becoming more and more common because
frankly millennial women are awful, man.
I don't want to date millennial women.
I'm happy dating a Zoomer.
And meanwhile, you got like these early 20 somethings who unlike some of their peers
are actually willing to settle down early and they can actually grab say an early thirties
guy who is looking for a longterm relationship, right?
It's a weird dynamic happening right now where some girls will refuse to settle down in their
twenties, try to settle down in their thirties and then realize that the guys that they were
fucking around with, who are around the same age as them, aren't interested in them anymore
because now they can pull the next bunch of 20 somethings coming up.
And if those 20 somethings actually want a stable relationship within the 30 year old
girls out of luck, right?
Now I'm not saying it's fucking hopeless for these women.
I'm not going, you know, full black pill, empty egg cart and stuff and molyneux tier
stuff here.
What I'm saying though, is if you're in like your early thirties and your mid thirties
and you have the option between a woman who is around your age and who has done her sleeping
around, especially if you haven't done yours yet, because sometimes the twenties is kind
of dry for guys, her versus an early to mid 20 something girl who wants to settle down
right now, everything else being equal.
Who would that guy choose?
Most of the time it's going to be the 20 something girl, right?
Like there's a, there's a harsh calculus when it comes to talking about this sort of thing.
A nine, but can't satisfy you in the bedroom or two who is a five, but you have a great
sex life.
A nine, but can't satisfy you in the bedroom.
I feel like a lot of the answers of the women who are say less sexually experienced will
be one, but the ones who have actually had, you know, bad sexual encounters, it's going
to be two.
Oh, guy number two.
For sure.
I'd say guy number two.
Yep.
Going with the five.
The five?
Great sex life, I guess.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to go with the nine.
Oh.
And not so great sex life.
I mean, I feel like those go hand in hand, so that's hard to answer.
No way it does.
Listen.
If you're like a, hold on.
If you're like a nine out of 10 or a 10 out of 10 guy getting, you know, just getting
by just based on off your looks, it's going to be very similar to the nine out of 10 or
10 out of 10 girl that just starfishes in bed.
You know?
You know what I mean?
Being good looking does not mean that you're good at having sex.
And then this one's a little bit different, but guy number one, who would be your husband
making 60,000 a year or guy number two, who would be a sugar daddy that gives you 15 tiamon.
If you're on Fresh and Fit or some other kind of red pill podcast, they're all going to
say that every girl chooses two.
Two, two, two, two, because it's a sign of status, you know, to be a part of a high value
man's harem.
But again, there's no way.
Absolutely not.
That's cope.
There was a study I read a few years ago.
It's called, but basically the idea was if you put together all else equal, you put together
a guy who has a lot of money, but no actual skills or ability to iterate like he inherited
his money basically versus a guy who has way less money, but he's highly competent.
Women tend to choose the competent guy because they see him again as an investment.
The whole women are attracted to money thing.
It's kind of true, but it's not quite true.
It's more like women are attracted to competence and money can be a sign of competence.
And even then they still want, you know, they still want exclusivity.
They still want to have a family.
It's not all about hypergamy and, you know, being part of the harem of a high value male.
That's that stuff's all, it happens like sometimes, but it's, it's largely nonsense.
The husband.
Yeah.
I'm not in all that stuff.
Guy number one, 60,000 isn't too bad.
Okay.
The most talented loyal husband versus the sugar daddy side piece situation.
All right.
Ooh, that would be nice, but I think long-term probably guy number one.
Okay.
Yes.
Right.
That was, that was a bit spicy.
That one.
We're going to go with the husband.
She almost didn't take it.
Okay.
Family.
Perfect.
Yeah.
That's a really good question.
Oh man.
Okay.
So either husband making less or sugar daddy.
I think she wants to choose sugar daddy.
She doesn't want to say it, man.
Both good.
If you're, if you're taking this long, you want to say it.
It's what you want, but you don't want to say it.
Um, you know, I'm going to go with the husband to be honest.
I don't, I don't believe it.
So you choose the husband and the commitment versus a sugar daddy.
Yeah.
The husband.
Husband.
Yes.
Yeah.
Cause the sugar daddy, he's expecting something from you, you know, it's not just giving it.
All right guys, that is all I have for this video.
If you liked it or found it helpful, be sure to give it a thumbs up.
Do not do any of that.
Thumbs up mine instead.
Cause I don't even know who this fucking bitch is.
Hopefully now that I've watched this fucking thing, it'll stop popping up in my YouTube
recommendations every five fucking seconds.
One of the main reasons I wanted to watch this video though, aside from getting it out
of my notifications list is that like, I don't believe in the whole red pill thing.
I think the reason the red pill right now is blowing up online and like bread tube and
and left YouTube was like just collapsed and fallen by the wayside is because the red pillars,
they're talking about certain things that they are correct on and, and like more lefty
types just don't want to acknowledge it.
They're just going to call you like a misogynist or whatever.
If you, if you even dare talk about the problem, but even though they're correct in some limited
ways, they are ultimately wrong about relationships and about women.
Maybe I got to start looking more at this stuff because there's definitely like, there's
a very strange, how do I want to put this?
It's like, okay.
Like have you ever seen like that, that good looking dude, he's in like a good college
program or he has like a good job.
He's making good money.
He's like six foot two.
He's reasonably attractive.
And this guy's like black pill.
Like I'm never gonna find a girl, dude.
I'm never gonna, it's like, holy shit, what the fuck is happening to everyone that they're
all like self sabotaging and self-destructing like this.
Like I'm a five, seven fat guy.
I'm not attractive, but I still managed to get a girlfriend.
This is something that you can do.
You can have a meaningful relationship and you're not just fucking doomed.
Okay.
And I really think the doomerism of this community is kind of seeping out into the rest of the
internet and it's, it's not good.
It's not good guys.
Anyway, that's the video for today.
I have to get out of here.
My time is up.
I will see you guys next time.
I love you.
Oh God, I'm being recommended more videos now.
God fucking damn it.